Vachinde-Fidaa

Beautiful song. Hats off to lyricist as well as the music director.?
Many non-Telugus enjoying this beautiful song. Nice that music is erasing boundaries
Its all time favorite song to everyone.......no matter what the year is........
The Top song of Telugu in YouTube and even Top song in hearts of all
Telugu top song in youtube 
Reach in 200 millions viewers...
Vachinde fever! Still getting viewed by millions,  after more than a year.. Dear Tollywood, What's the magic? -From a non telugu song lover?
Amazing song and dance. Even i don't know this language but  i  have listened  it  many  times. Love  this song  and  #sai pallavi addicted  too  much with this  song.....?

Saahore Baahubali 

Saahore baahubali views
Telugu 117M
 Tamil 49M 
Hindi. 70m 
Malayalam 3M 
=239M views
239 Millions views for a song from a Telugu movie

OMG! I'm from Argentina. I met Baahubali because of this video, and I can't stop watching the movie. I just wanna hug everyone who's involved in this project. Love for everyone!!?
Anyone in 2k18 .This is not a movie its an emotion 
PS -north indian here
Brains,hard work and determination=Rajamouli?
This is our rich cultural heritage. This is the soul of India. 
Jai Hind.?

That is Tiger of Indian movie talented people of Tollywood power of Telugu film The Great Bahubali movie?
Telugu song....mana Telugu song ss.rajamouli proud of Telugu cinema and ofcourse people
Mana satha Anni states Ku thelisindhi."Desha basha landhu Telugu lessa"

Where ever it is, King is always KING. 
That’s my darling Prabhas. 
Love u Prabhas. 
Watched more than 100 times, still feeling goosebumps.?


Choosi Chudangane

I watch this video possibly once in a day even I don't understand Telugu language.sometimes I asked questions myself.so much pretty song forever,I love it.Thank you Aditya music

when we suddenly look at our loved ones............. the excitement and the happiness is mostly comes from our heart....In this song we can observe it.... reallt it's awesome song...
I love this song & super

Song of the year goes to Choosi chudangane song nice and best song ever  Please like it.  
I stayed in Andhra Pradesh for less than 2 years. I love telugu next to my mother tongue Tamil. Lovely language.?
I am from Mp I don't understand Telugu but really great cut song 
Nice kdk yaaaaaarr....... JabarA haI yAr ye song

Heart touching song
Chusi chudanganey song
i like this song so much?



Inkem Inkem Inkem Kaavaale--Geetha Govindam

I m north indian ,,i cann't understand its single word ,,but i just love this music ,,this song proved that music has no limits no boundation.
I m waiting for its hindi version.?

I am from Himachal.....This song defines that music has no language......i get goosebumps every time i listen to this song......

ilanti achhamina Telugu lyrics tho songs anni movies lo ravali baguntundi kada emina unda awesome 

Telugu hero 
Kannada heroin
Tamil singer
Malayalam music director
92 million views only on lyrics man this is sooo awesome . Rowdy nailed it

I am from Tamil nadu, but it is one of my favourite song... Superb composition?

Super ....sriram voice amazing... Outstanding performance....

Idedo Bagundi---Mirchi

came here after watching Bahubali 2 !!!!!!! I love this pair soooo much !!!! is there anyone who came here for the same !!!!!?

being Pakistani, Telugu is a whole different thing to understand but a huge fan of Prabhas and the music though <3 In love with this song?

Prabhas is just Fab.... He is hot looking, smart looking,and best actor. His acting also nice. And Anushka also the fabulous Actress.. chemistry between both are very cute. I visit this song after watching Bahubali 2 . I love the relationship between both... Hope we really see the another film of both...?

Though I am a tamilian... I listen to this song... Prabhas look very handsome and anushka looks really cute...











